Independent Practice
Exercise 1
Imagine you are creating a food website that will have recipes by top chefs from around the world. The following data will be required:

recipe name
number of ingredients
ingredients
difficulty level
cook time
chef (who wrote the recipe)
country (where the chef lives)
city (where the chef lives)
restaurants where the chef has worked
chef's favorite ingredient
Answer the following questions:

What are the entities?
    Recipe, Chef
What are the attributes of each entity?
    Recipe: Name, ingredients, ingredient count, difficulty, cook time.
    Chef: Name, Country, City, Restaurant List, Recipe List(ID's).
What are the data types of the attributes?
    text, int, int, int, int.
    text, text, text, text, text.
What are the relationships between the entities?
    One to Multiple because the Chef's can have multiple recipes but the Recipe's can only have one chef.
Draw a diagram of your data model.
    (see sqlite attachment)
Is your data model normalized? Why or why not? If not, can you change it to be normalized?
    While there is no redundant information, I would also optimize the code to make sure that there would be no duplicates
    in the database.
Are there other ways you might model this data?
    Not really, pretty straightforward.
Exercise 2
Select one of your most-used or favorite websites to click through.
Pick one type of user flow, like buying an item.
List the data that is required for this flow. - Organize the data into entities and attributes of each entity. Draw a diagram of your data model.
    Youtube: Payment: CC number, exp date, CVV      User:   Username, email, location, etc  
Exercise 3
In your own words, define the following term:

Foreign key
    A foreign key is using one entities key in another entity in order to reference that entities attributes.
What are the 3 types of database relationships? Briefly explain each one.
    One-to-one: each one can only reference the other.
    one-to-many: one can reference many items of the other, but the other can only reference one of that entity
    many-to-many: both have many references to many of the other. Need a join.

